Test Cases for Componend and Service Module Versioning: 

- Test Case 01: Import component module from local filesystem, version it and push it to remote
	1. Import component module from local dir
	2. Push it to remote repo
	3. Create version of the component module
	4. Push version to remote repo

- Test Case 02: Install component module, version it and push it to remote
	1. Install component module
	2. Create component module version  
	3. Push version to remote 

- Test Case 03: Install component module version, create new version, push it to remote
	1. Install component module version
	2. Create new component module version
	3. Push new version to remote

- Test Case 04: Pull changes from remote to a versioned component module
	1. List component module's version
	2. List diffs changes from remote
	3. Pull changes for the component module version

- Test Case 05: Install versioned component module, add it to assembly, stage assembly to service and converge the service
	1. Install component module version 
	2. Stage assembly
	3. Add versioned component to staged assembly
	4. Converge the staged assembly

- Test Case 06 (N): Create version of a component module that already exists
	1. Install component module version
	2. Create existing component module version
		Expected Output: Message saying that said version already exists

- Test Case 07 (N): Add a versioned component module to assembly that already has a version of that component module added
	1. Install component module version
	2. Create new component module version
	3. Stage assebmly
	4. Add versioned component module to staged assembly
	5. Add new versioned component module to staged assembly
		Expected Output:  Message saying that assembly already contains version of the component module

- Test Case 08: Import component module version, make some change and push the changed component module version
	1. Import component module version
	2. Make some change
	3. Push component module
	4. Push changes to remote

- Test Case 09: Install component module version, list components
	1. Install component module version
	2. List components

- Test Case 10: Install component module, version it, clone version to local filesystem
	1. Import component module version
	2. Create new component module version
	3. Clone it to local filesystem

- Test Case 11 (N): Delete from catalog base module of a versioned component module
	1. Delete from catalog base component module
	Expected Output: Module cannot be deleted because it is versioned

- Test Case 12 (N): Import component module from local filesystem, version it, publish version
	1. Import component module from local filesystem
	2. Create new component module version
	3. Publsih created version to the remote repo 
	Expected Output: Message saying taht base component module repository does not exist on remote repo
